hey guys what is up it is SST mentleman
here with guides for us all and today
I'm going to be showing you how to get
the rage mod in warframe so there is
only one enemy that drops this mod and
you're going to want to head to survival
on Mars to do it or mercury rather to do
that and the reason I'm doing that is
because it only drops from the napalm
the grenier napalm and since the grenade
or napalm is the only one that drops it
you're going to want to be fighting the
lowest level May palms that you can as
you can see here they start spawning
around 20 minutes into a survival match
so it's going to take a while to get
those napalm spawning but survival is
probably the best way to find a high
surplus of enemies that you want to kill
so a lot of people have found this mod
here in the survival mission and that's
why I selected this you can also do
mobile defense if there is one on
Mercury I'm not exactly sure and you
could also do just a normal defense
mission whichever one is your favorite
but I believe the survival is the best
way to find the napalm 's
anyways pretty much everybody that's
found this mod that's posted comments on
the page in the wiki said they found it
here on Apollodorus mercury and that's
where I went to farm it unfortunately I
was not successful in getting this due
to the fact that the rage mod has like a
0.01 percent chance of dropping meaning
you'd have to kill quite a lot of napalm
to get it so there are two other ways
that you can get this obviously through
transmutation I'll show you a couple of
transmutations I did here I was not able
to get the rage mod but I did get a
split chamber mod so I can't complain
honestly and there is one more method
that you can use to get this mod and I'm
only mentioning this because I
subscriber let me know that you can get
any rare mod from the Oregon void loot
room so if you're going through the void
and you find a loot room some of the
containers will drop mods and if you're
lucky it could be raged but the best
method for getting this in my opinion is
just to buy it this thing is way too
much of a pain to actually farm or get
through legit methods so I recommend
finding a player who's selling it for
maybe 15 or 20 platinum maybe less than
that and just buy it from them I've seen
some people sell it for as low as 5
actually because this mod is just not
worth your time farming and if you don't
have the platinum for it then try to get
some other mod that you could sell for
platinum because it is seriously more
worth your time to find other mods that
you can sell to make platinum and buy
rage than to actually farm 4 rage itself
so
those are all the ways to get them on
guys let me know in a comment if you
actually get the rage drop from a napalm
and where you got it and if there are
any other methods for farming this mod
let me know thanks for watching the
video if you enjoyed please leave a like
rating down below and subscribe to see
some more videos in the future also make
sure to leave a comment if there is a
mod you'd like me to do a guide on and I
will see you guys next time goodbye